fucking Alex so you will learn not to fuck me
Imagine
but who was the son of his mother who
he threw me a stone I swear that if I
I'll put it in the rectum
you had to do the nasty shit
your talking stone street so nobody
I speak to you
wait a minute go to a stone
talking
is really surprised because the
I have not seen much until
blenders that talk and have loved
dominate the world so it does not surprise me
very good the cinema was a pleasure to chat
with you rock so I have to go
because I'm crazy I'm a stone and
not any land yes yes as you say
wait but you will not pretend to leave me
here truth no longer interests me in addition if
they see me talking with a stone all
they will think that I am a complete forever
alone that is with lack of affection
assholes if you leave me here to hit is
well look how I tremble this
and now that dwarf stones send
fuck I'm not my brother now that you
Take your mother out and take me for a walk
my stone state can not back
only agree but no longer blow me more
I think I had enough for today
I do not know how I could lend to this and
think that mario was the only one
hit so hard but this stone is
more aggressive than she
shit but that alone I'm from
I hope you and something interesting happens to me
or compassion I saw how you are and how
that you also stone
but what the fuck does this mean?
stone that you make over the head of
another what in January I 'm supposed to
I was the only one who could transport you
I know you were not in the moment that more you
I needed so you were already
in apologies that perhaps you
you know traitor calla how could you
Doing this to me was supposed to be my
compa and now you steal me to stone this not
I'm going to forgive you so be prepared
asshole because I do not think you can beat
the immortal zombie wait buddy I do not know
what the hell are you talking?
fists
but stone no longer bother because no
you're looking for a grave where to sleep
you'll be more comfortable
agree very well that you won now I
I go I think I need to do something
important
the mere not understand anything and forget that and
let's agree
it can not be where that blonde is but
if I saw him with some of those compas for
here, something happens, something can go
find peace that I am not your mother in
end they 'll keep looking for sure what
we will find
Y
shit that was close I thought that I
they were going to find today weon not always you
you are going to hide from her your quiet shit
well it does not matter that happily
chelas are still cold so they spend better not
it's like that my dear crystal look at him lion
drunk haha but what a jerk
I finally found you and look at it as always
sucking 20 for here fuck do not make me
or if it turns that says that if the drunkard
he left us the chelas for us
alone ha ha ha that happens to have
children all because he played until the
Satisfaction two hours
fuck nobody loves me I think the best
it would be that it is no longer in this world if
I think it's the best
I do not think anyone misses me so
goodbye cruel world made this
zombie commits suicide I hope the fish
be better company than the weones that
I was there'll beat aa
to the area
do not
one but lose to change
good
fuck not fucking whale let me go
quiet lion that ate me too
the whale hehe morpace weon and now
as we left I do not know I was going to ask
to him but I think that weon is more
cold that we
until fucking shit on your
dead
this will pay me
to change